[Music] I
wanted to share with you this
story that Padilla posted and that is that she is
very angry because someone has
published a false news story
about her on the cover. Okay,
well, I want to clarify one thing. There is a
magazine that has published, they have published me on the
cover and have made some statements and I
want to say that at no time have I
spoken out that I have not made
any statement to that magazine. Facts,
this is Puerto Banús. No,
this is Puerto Banús. A family has a
feeling that this is the plaza in Puerto
Banús.
You know what's happening?
Lately, it's become very
fashionable,
let me look it up. It's become
very fashionable to publish
covers and you don't know when it's
an exclusive and when it isn't. You do
n't know when it's exclusive when it is
n't. She hasn't behaved specifically,
referring here to Padilla,
to Padilla, broken by the final goodbye to
her husband,
new misfortune for Paz Padilla,
Santi Millán who has been the talk of the town in
the last 48 hours, Santi Millán is Paz
Padilla, she consoles herself with her friends, she
returns to television happy and content.
Could this be it?  is the presenter begins
a new stage after her sudden dismissal it
could be this one it
could be this one because it is from now on it
could be this one that she is
referring to is that they take your photos from
Instagram they take your photos from Instagram
what happened with Santi you can see it in get
interested or I have many videos on that
subject okay I was the first to release videos
and well you can see it there okay man
it's like what we saw on the cover Antonia
look Antonio David they
have very little shame the
gossip magazine is shot it
's
exclusive
I remember when it came out I don't
remember because I was awake
early this Wednesday
in fact I started talking to a
colleague on the phone in a statement but
this is true but Antonio had a dance
interview at school on top of that they give you an
exclusive it looks like certain youtubers
who make up that the exclusives are
theirs they don't ask for jail time against her
Antonio David and his son you sit Rocío
in the dock and it seems that Antonio
had spoken to the magazine Lectura
one no longer knows when it's true when they
don't take this out and it is what it turns out to be that it
is the exclusive they are  the photos that they
took a photo of him over the weekend with his
family
and of course they put it here, the photo that
will be an archive photo of them or whatever it
is that seems quite current, like the way he has his
beard, Antonio
had it now that he wears it like that, not before he had
a trimmed beard and such and you
eat it and it's like you no longer know which one is
exclusive, the one who doesn't know
[Music]